I'm detective Tom holder house I
understand someone here was an
eyewitness to the robbery last name
first first name last tell me in your
own words what happened begin all right
let's try ladies first time Clements
Stephanie we left home about two o'clock
that's 1,400 and please talk Thanks we
were going to a movie at the Rivoli it
started at 3 o'clock 1500 Erin anyway we
had to stop at the bank first because I
spent my last dime that morning on my
hair
stunning thank you anyway um we answered
the bank
just look at mom's hair
beautiful Erina mom's hair looks
beautiful every day really might be
anybody minute Kirk
then can't you forget about your work
for 10 minutes for our fun how nice to
see you Oh how's the family
oh just great wonderful and your
community sir
fabulous charity work super is there
anything you're not involved with oh no
is there anything I can do for you
thank you no my children are waiting in
line for me mrs. Clemons I wouldn't be
much of a bank manager if I let my best
customers waiting
Stephanie I was wondering if you're not
doing anything later maybe you and I
could of course then the children and I
would love to children look mama gorilla
gorilla a
everybody just remain calm
do what he says lie down on the floor
Ben yeah in just a minute I'm almost
finished a chapter plankton
drive-through restaurant to the sea look
mr. Parillo
we're doing the best we can to cooperate
with you then get down oh all right
everybody all right great mom thanks for
asking your mom's really aces Clements
hey lady you got a nice family and
nobody follow I'm going after your mom
some of the money he took was of money
Aaron and I were saving for your
birthday present no Andrew doesn't
matter I'm going after my son
I don't want anybody hurt
hmm
Oh
you're quite a brave woman mrs. Clemons
does anybody have anything dad of course
they don't I mean um
it happened exactly as I said so well
thank you very much I'm sure the bank
will be getting in touch with you
regarding the reward reward
excuse me sir did you say something
about a reward the banks have a policy
of giving about 10 percent of the
returned money as a reward 10% that's
and so excuse me detective though mostly
accurate I think mrs. Clemons left out a
few minor details from her story here's
how it happened Chris Kirk
getting mom made cookies girls she'll be
right in me he was just telling a
reporter how he scored the winning goal
my sweet hockey game think he's like a
second son to me you know when I was a
kid I I wish I'd been more like him
at least he's letting me leaf through
his high school science book Hey here he
comes
just look at his teeth
they're like pearls the girls go nuts
for him doc you didn't have to bring my
science book with you we rode for an
afternoon of fun science is fun guys
movie this afternoon my treat my
favorite customer waiting in love Oh
Stevens how nice to see you
is there anything I can do for you well
nothing for me today but my friends here
could use a little okay no move any
friend of mr. Stevens is welcome here
gorilla gorilla in a bank
that's strange something's wrong the
anniversary
well I'm sure I could overpower him but
why take the chance of an innocent
bystander getting hurt yeah I suggest we
all do what he says relax mrs. C I'm
here please please don't hurt me I'm a
scientist zombie the world a better
place because of me please get ahold of
yourself come on buddy
back off Magilla we're doing the best we
can
sure thing pal doc there's no use
getting this monkey up a tree I suggest
we do what he says all right Kirk oh
don't worry we'll be fine
thanks pal you know kid you're OK
beat it Punk ok Clements quick get a
license plate by myself I gotta stay
here make sure everybody's okay I'll be
out in a minute
and drew everybody okay you're fine but
Kirk look after my son well dear mrs. C
everyone stay put busy right now
better give that to me for safekeeping
Thank You mr. Stevens you're quite a
hero
it's nothing any other hero wouldn't
have done well I guess that's it then
unless somebody else has something to
say thank you would someone mind telling
me exactly what happened no
embellishments no fabrications just
their truth i'm dr. benjamin Jeffco PhD
in seven different sciences it all
started this morning when I was working
in my lab trying to isolate the orbital
path of a nomad new phone would you
become separated from its Topanga please
oh very well
we arrived at the bank I think I saw him
putting the baby robin back in its nest
last time I saw me is putting quarters
and meters you know how he hates seeing
people getting tickets not to mention
he's a pretty good-looking man
been dr. G you have to help please all
right here I don't need this well sure
you do every bit of information I need
to pass my midterms contained in this
book it's the most advanced high school
textbook ever written for a science
student I know I wrote it wow I can't
believe that you haven't turned it into
a movie dr. Dre we're saving a place in
line for you well thanks oh man I was
thinking after the movie maybe we could
drop the kids off at home and you and I
could go out for a nice quiet romantic
dinner
oh I'm sorry Stephanie there's a lunar
eclipse tonight I don't want to miss it
but I could use some company it gets
awfully dark out there my favorite
customer waiting in line hi Kirk
Stephens remember I open that 25 hello
mr. stoner dr. Jack coke how nice to see
you
is there anything I can do for you uh no
thanks bill but perhaps you might be
able to help my good friends certainly
why don't we all go down to this special
customer counter dr. Jay I don't know
where we'd be without you Oh probably
still on the other line an orangutan
actually Erin that's the largest of the
anthropoid family the gorillas usually
found in the hills of Rwanda not in the
bank
does anyone have a banana better get
down and cooperate with this torso love
and find no more socially acceptable
mode of behavior than to relieve
innocent people of their life-savings
good idea thanks very much buddy you're
profoundly courageous you know that
just remember crime doesn't pay I beg to
differ with you sir all right Andrew
let's do our thing you got it doc
do you think amber will be alright
Stephanie I've taught Andrew everything
I know of course he'll be alright
but it'll make you feel any better of
course I'll help them secondly why don't
y'all come over here home down
he's a wimp I'll take that Stephanie
like I say crime doesn't pay I think
you'll see that the story I've told you
is both factual and accurate I think
that my friends will agree No how can
three different people see three
different things huh excuse me what four
different people you forgot me I can
tell you what really happened
sure not that anyone was lying
they were just exaggerating a little
who is exaggerating well you were come
on Kirk you tripped and fell flat on
your face you didn't land like a gymnast
oh well yeah maybe I exaggerated that
part a little bit the rest was true and
mom you were just as scared as we were
when the gorilla came in well it was
pretty frightening okay Erin yeah I was
scared too and dr. G you were on the
floor with the rest of us oh yes I did
lie down but that was just so no one
else will get injured looks like we're
finally getting to the bottom of this
son
Clemens Andrew and this is the truth the
whole truth and nothing but the truth we
entered the bank
Oh God well-known there you know
that's my boy and my brother hey I
didn't say that I could have sworn you
said that I didn't say and my brother I
said as he walked in there with that
being goofy grin of yours
oh brother get some wax out of your ears
alright alright alright anyway but I
don't want to read that but I know you
don't want to but you're failing science
and your teacher asked me to tutor you
now take it why is because it's the best
thing I wrote it no fake it didn't
happen like that yes it did
Kirk's right we were not arguing we were
discussing a scientific theory look can
we skip the before stuff and get to the
robbery
yeah yeah yeah yeah we were waiting in
line I know you you're dr. Benjamin you
know Stephen oh I mean don't you me yes
I've seen your picture in the Briarwood
High paper my daughter Cindy Stone goes
this Oh cute why don't we all go down to
the special customer count it everybody
all right Andrew look Andrew a gorilla
must be someone's birthday
do you you don't know who I am do you
you never said that Andrew yes I did dr.
JT Kirk Erin you're asking me who's been
a wimp in everybody story sorry Beck oh
okay that's all right
III can't get a straight story out of
any one of you oh I not have you been
advised of your rights yeah yeah yeah I
just want to tell my story before they
locked me up you know all right well it
looked like a good Bank
you know not too crowded I thought the
monkey suit was a good idea you know my
wife should be getting tired of me
ruining their stockings you know so I'm
sorry this special customer counter is
for gold club customers Oh
everybody
come on
nobody move you won't get hurt
better give up
that's exactly what happened
the boy can run faster than the speed of
light and you can fly yes yes you know
mr. ape I I think while you're doing
time for the crime you should look into
getting yourself a little melon medicine
okay and I'll join you
well there goes the reward hey don't
look at me if y'all had distorted in my
truth we'd be bad for both I have never
seen such bold-faced egotistical lies is
yes BAM hey hey hey we're all friends
and we all saw what we saw there were no
video lies especially for maestro oh
well I guess we're gonna have a Late
Show huh
well I've got bad news for everyone
there is no Late Show tonight the
theaters having a private showing I
should have a theater just down the
street count me in excuse me I'm sorry
but there is no reward from now on
you'll all be treated as gold club
customers Hey well thank you
one dollar off to consumers
you